Crafting Patch, Version 0.1 ALPHA VERSION:
  Created by Vatiken, (Joseph Arnusch)
  joseph.arnusch@gmail.com
  June 21st, 2012

  :: Patch created using tbaMUD 3.63 r318 ::

Readme Version 1.0

Files:
  1) README:        This file
  2) crafts.c:      The crafts.c file
  3) crafts.h:      The crafts.h header file
  4) crafts.patch:  The patch file

Before you begin:

             IMPORTANT     IMPORTANT     IMPORTANT     IMPORTANT
  1) This is the ALPHA VERSION, which means it will contain bugs, issues, and so
     forth and so forth. The purpose of this release is for help in troubleshooting
     before an official release. I'd advise backing up your MUD just in case if you
     choose to progress with applying this patch.

  2) I assume no responsibility for any damage this causes in your MUD, apply at your
     own risk.

  3) Feel free to use this in anyway you see fit.

What this does:

  This patch adds a crafting system to your MUD. If you've previously used another
  crafting system, you will most likely notice some similarities.

  Features:
    * Simple, Clean Interface using the 1,2,3 colour options for easy customization.
    * Easy to expand upon.
    * Duration based crafting, ie: Crafting X takes 6 seconds.
    * Skill AND Blueprint based crafts.
    * Customizable Display Messages for the character and the room.

Things to note:

  1) This system uses linked lists, which means if you intend on having 10000 crafts,
     you may want to look at another option.
  2) There is no VNUM system for this crafting system, just a reference ID number.
  3) You can use > show craft <name> to display info on a craft. 
       The information varies if the craft is a RECIPE(BLUEPRINT)/NON-RECIPE(NON-BLUEPRINT)
  4) Typing "craft" will bring up the crafts list for your character, and colour code
     which crafts you have the goods to create.

  5) An OFFICIAL release will be coming in the near future, 99% of the additions/modifications
     will be to crafts.c and crafts.h, so minimal work should be required to upgrade.

Installation:
 
  1) As this is an ALPHA VERSION, there is only a hand-patch patch file, and the .c and .h. file.
     Should be easy enough to figure out.

  2) Feel free to send any bugs to me either through the tbamud.com forums, or
     by email at joseph.arnusch@gmail.com.
